[DNS] Document NSEC 3 support (#19871)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/dns/dnssec/enable-nsec3.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Enable NSEC3
description: Learn how to enable NSEC3 support with Cloudflare to meet compliance requirements.
sidebar:
  order: 6
---

As explained in [our blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com/black-lies/), Cloudflare's implementation of negative answers with NSEC is protected against zone walking[^1]. This implementation removes the need for NSEC3 and has been [proposed as an IETF standard](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-dnsop-compact-denial-of-existence/).

> However, if you must use NSEC3 for compliance reasons, you can enable it as explained below.

Author: ```suggestion
However, if you must use NSEC3 for compliance reasons, you can enable it as explained in the following example.
```

Use the [Edit DNSSEC Status endpoint](/api/resources/dns/subresources/dnssec/methods/edit/), setting `status` to `active` and `dnssec_use_nsec3` to `true`. You should replace the values started by `$` with your zone ID and API token. To learn more about using the Cloudflare API, refer to [Fundamentals](/fundamentals/api/get-started/).

```bash
curl --request PATCH \
https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/zones/$ZONE_ID/dnssec \
--header "Authorization: Bearer $CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN" \
--header "Content-Type: application/json" \
--data '{
"dnssec_use_nsec3": true,
"status": "active"
}'
```

> [^1]: A method where an attacker exploits NSEC negative answers to obtain all names in a given zone. This is possible when such negative answers provide information on the last and next names in a chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: A method where an attacker exploits NSEC negative answers to obtain all names in a given zone. This is possible when such negative answers provide information on the previous and next names in a chain.
```
When we say "last", do we mean "the end of the chain", or "previous"?

Author: The one you got. Changing to previous. Thank you!
